Add more sections to the API docs (#1643)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/api/index.rst

    Figure

Plotting tabular data:

.. autosummary::
    :toctree: generated

    Figure.contour
    Figure.histogram
    Figure.meca
    Figure.plot
    Figure.plot3d
    Figure.rose
    Figure.velo
    Figure.wiggle

> Plotting gridded data:

Reviewer: Just as an throwaway idea, would 'raster' be a better term than 'gridded'? I know the 'Data Processing section uses 'grid', but the GIS person in me is thinking about raster/vector instead of gridded/tabular :slightly_smiling_face:

```suggestion
Plotting raster data:
```

.. autosummary::
    :toctree: generated

    Figure.grdcontour
    Figure.grdimage
    Figure.grdview
    Figure.image

> Plotting map elements:

Reviewer: Maybe put `basemap` et al. at the top, since the map elements are commonly used.

Author: Good suggestion, done in latest commit.

    Figure.show
    Figure.psconvert

Configuring the display settings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The following modules are provided directly through the :mod:`pygmt` top level

Reviewer: There's only one module under here, so grammatically speaking, should be is :slightly_smiling_face:

```suggestion
The following module is provided directly through the :mod:`pygmt` top level
```
